README.md, before:

markdown-in-js
---

zero-overhead markdown in your react components 

usage
---

add `'markdown-in-js/babel'` to the `plugins` field of your babel config

```jsx 
import markdown /* or `md` */ from 'markdown-in-js' 

const App = () => markdown`
## This is some content. 
You can write _markdown_ as you'd like. 

${ <span> interpolate more <Content/> </span> }

you can <i>inline *html*</i> or even <OtherComponents/>, wow

<div style=${{ fontWeight: 'bold' }} 
    className=${'some more styles'} 
    onClick=${handler}>
  interpolate attributes as expected
</div>
`
```

- gets compiled to react elements via a babel plugin
- preserves interpolations 
- built with [commonmark](https://github.com/jgm/commonmark.js)
- optionally add [prismjs](http://prismjs.com/) for syntax highlighting of code blocks 

custom components
---

You can use custom components for markdown primitives like so - 
```jsx
import md from 'markdown-in-js'
import { MyHeading, MyLink } from './path/to/components'

const App = () => md({ h1: MyHeading, a: MyLink })`
# this will be a custom header
[custom link component](/url/to/link)
`
```

pragma
---

To use a differently named function / variable, you can override the markdown pragma - 
```jsx
// @markdown myMd
let myMd = require('markdown-in-js')({ h1: customHeader })
// ...
mMyd`# custom title` 
```


todo
---

- optionally no-wrap paragraphs 
- optionally return array of elements
- instructions for in-editor syntax highlighting 
- precompile code blocks 
- commonmark options
- tests!

Commit message:

Remove pragmas, rely on identifier instead

README.md, after:

markdown-in-js
---

zero-overhead markdown in your react components

usage
---

add `'markdown-in-js/babel'` to the `plugins` field of your babel config

```jsx
import markdown from 'markdown-in-js'
// or
// var markdown = require('markdown-in-js')
// (You can use any identifier)

const App = () => markdown`
## This is some content.
You can write _markdown_ as you'd like.

${ <span> interpolate more <Content/> </span> }

you can <i>inline *html*</i> or even <OtherComponents/>, wow

<div style=${{ fontWeight: 'bold' }}
    className=${'some more styles'}
    onClick=${handler}>
  interpolate attributes as expected
</div>
`
```

- gets compiled to react elements via a babel plugin
- preserves interpolations
- built with [commonmark](https://github.com/jgm/commonmark.js)
- optionally add [prismjs](http://prismjs.com/) for syntax highlighting of code blocks

custom components
---

You can use custom components for markdown primitives like so -
```jsx
import md from 'markdown-in-js'
import { MyHeading, MyLink } from './path/to/components'

const App = () => md({ h1: MyHeading, a: MyLink })`
# this will be a custom header
[custom link component](/url/to/link)
`
```

running examples
---

Before running the examples for the first time you'll need to `npm run self-link`.
After that you can start webpack with `npm start`.

todo
---

- optionally no-wrap paragraphs
- optionally return array of elements
- instructions for in-editor syntax highlighting
- precompile code blocks
- commonmark options
- tests!
